[Wrangler] Deprecation messaging (#6141)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/cli-wrangler/_index.md

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> The version of Wrangler you are using is now deprecated.
> Please update to the latest version of wrangler to prevent critical errors.
> If originally installed via npm, run `npm uninstall -g @cloudflare/wrangler && npm install -g wrangler` to update to the latest version.
> If originally installed via cargo, run `cargo uninstall wrangler && npm install -g wrangler`
> [Wrangler migration guide](/workers/wrangler/migration/migrating-from-wrangler-1/#update-wrangler-version)</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of Wrangler you are using is now deprecated. Refer to the [Migration guide]((/workers/wrangler/migration/migrating-from-wrangler-1/#update-wrangler-version)) to update to the latest version of Wrangler to prevent critical errors.

If originally installed via npm, run `npm uninstall -g @cloudflare/wrangler && npm install -g wrangler` to update to the latest version.

If originally installed via cargo, run `cargo uninstall wrangler && npm install -g wrangler`.
```
